add a new method for enabling the API audit log in RKE2 downstream clusters (#900)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-api-audit-log-in-downstream-clusters.md

Author: hi @martyav, after rebasing this PR against the main branch,  changes in this file do not reflect at the path `http://localhost:3000/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-api-audit-log-in-downstream-clusters` anymore. Is it expected? Or can you guide me to fix it?

Reviewer: No, that shouldn't be the case. Maybe a change got overridden by a commit included in the rebase operation?

<Tabs groupId="k8s-distro">
<TabItem value="RKE2" default>

> ### Method 1: set the `audit-policy-file` option in `machineGlobalConfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Method 1: Set `audit-policy-file` in `machineGlobalConfig`
```

Unlike in the upstream RKE2 where the value of the `audit-policy-file` option is expected to be the path to the audit policy file,

> in Rancher you can set the `audit-policy-file` option with the content, and Rancher will convert it to a file and configure RKE2 server options.

Reviewer 2: Is passing just a path also a valid option? If so, may want to make it explicit.

> in Rancher you can set the `audit-policy-file` option with the content, and Rancher will convert it to a file and configure RKE2 server options.

Reviewer: This sounds very similar to the behavior described in https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs/pull/904, "To make it easier to put files on nodes beforehand, Rancher expects the values of the following options to be the configuration's content, unlike RKE2, where the values should be file paths:" 

Could we mention "configuration's content" here as well to make it clear where the content is? Might seem redundant but "content" on its own feels vague.

Example:
```yaml
apiVersion: provisioning.cattle.io/v1
kind: Cluster
spec:
  rkeConfig:
    machineGlobalConfig:
      audit-policy-file: |
        apiVersion: audit.k8s.io/v1 
        kind: Policy 
        rules: 
        - level: RequestResponse
          resources:
          - group: ""
            resources: 
            - pods
```

> ### Method 2: Use the directives `machineSelectorFiles` and `machineGlobalConfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Method 2: Use the Directives, `machineSelectorFiles` and `machineGlobalConfig`
```

:::note

> This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.
```

:::

> You can utilize the `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and the `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and the `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.
```

  namespace: fleet-default
```

The audit log can be enabled and configured by editing the cluster in YAML and utilizing the `machineSelectorFiles` and `machineGlobalConfig` directives.

Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: provisioning.cattle.io/v1
kind: Cluster
spec:
  rkeConfig:
    machineGlobalConfig:
      kube-apiserver-arg:
        - audit-policy-file=<customized-path>/dev-audit-policy.yaml
        - audit-log-path=<customized-path>/dev-audit.logs
    machineSelectorFiles:
      - fileSources:
          - configMap:
              name: ''
            secret:
              items:
                - key: audit-policy
                  path: <customized-path>/dev-audit-policy.yaml
              name: dev-audit-policy
        machineLabelSelector:
          matchLabels:
            rke.cattle.io/control-plane-role: 'true'
```

:::tip

Alternatively, you can use the directive `machineSelectorConfig` with proper machineLabelSelectors to achieve the same effect.

:::

For more information about cluster configuration, refer to the RKE2 cluster configuration reference pages.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="K3s">

:::note

This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.

:::

> You can use the `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and the `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a prerequisite, you must create a [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) to be the source of the audit policy.
```

<Tabs groupId="k8s-distro">
<TabItem value="RKE2" default>

### Method 1 (Recommended): Set `audit-policy-file` in `machineGlobalConfig`

You can set `audit-policy-file` in the configuration file. Rancher delivers the file to the path `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/etc/config-files/audit-policy-file` in control plane nodes, and sets the proper options in the RKE2 server.

Example:
```yaml
apiVersion: provisioning.cattle.io/v1
kind: Cluster
spec:
  rkeConfig:
    machineGlobalConfig:
      audit-policy-file: |
        apiVersion: audit.k8s.io/v1 
        kind: Policy 
        rules: 
        - level: RequestResponse
          resources:
          - group: ""
            resources: 
            - pods
```

### Method 2: Use the Directives, `machineSelectorFiles` and `machineGlobalConfig`

:::note

This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.

:::

You can use `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.

> As a prerequisite, you must create a [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) to be the source of the audit policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a prerequisite, you must create a [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/configmaps.md) to be the source of the audit policy.
```

            rke.cattle.io/control-plane-role: 'true'
```

:::tip

You can also use the directive `machineSelectorConfig` with proper machineLabelSelectors to achieve the same effect.

:::

For more information about cluster configuration, refer to the [RKE2 cluster configuration reference](../../reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/rke2-cluster-configuration.md) pages.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="K3s">

:::note

This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.

:::

You can use `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.

> As a prerequisite, you must create a [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) to be the source of the audit policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a prerequisite, you must create a [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/configmaps.md) to be the source of the audit policy.
```

The secret or configmap must meet the following requirements:

1. It must be in the `fleet-default` namespace where the Cluster object exists.
2. It must have the annotation `rke.cattle.io/object-authorized-for-clusters: <cluster-name1>,<cluster-name2>` which permits the target clusters to use it.

:::tip

> Rancher Dashboard provides an easy-to-use form for creating the secret or configmap.

Reviewer 3: Do we have a tutorial link or a "path" that would make easier to the the final user to use this tip?

Reviewer: We do, I remember linking elsewhere to both pages yesterday. Let me add those

Author: fixed.

> Rancher Dashboard provides an easy-to-use form for creating the secret or configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher Dashboard provides an easy-to-use form for creating the [secret](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/secrets.md) or [configmap](../new-user-guides/kubernetes-resources-setup/configmaps.md).
```

            rke.cattle.io/control-plane-role: 'true'
```

:::tip

Alternatively, you can use the directive `machineSelectorConfig` with proper machineLabelSelectors to achieve the same effect.

:::

For more information about cluster configuration, refer to the RKE2 cluster configuration reference pages.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="K3s" default>

:::note

> This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available in Rancher v2.7.2 and later.
```

:::

> You can utilize the `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and the `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `machineSelectorFiles` to deliver the audit policy file to the control plane nodes, and the `machineGlobalConfig` to set the options on kube-apiserver.
```

> As a prerequisite, you need to create a secret or configmap which will be the source of the audit policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a prerequisite, you must create a secret or configmap to be the source of the audit policy.
```

> The secret or configmap must meet the following two requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret or configmap must meet the following requirements:
```

1. It must be in the `fleet-default` namespace where the Cluster object exists.

> 2. It must have the annotation `rke.cattle.io/object-authorized-for-clusters: cluster-name1,cluster-name2` which permits the target clusters to use it.

Reviewer 2: Adding suggestion to follow line 166 where the placeholder is enclosed within `<>`, e.g. `<customized-path>` so it's explicit that it's a user provided value.

```suggestion
2. It must have the annotation `rke.cattle.io/object-authorized-for-clusters: <cluster-name1>,<cluster-name2>` which permits the target clusters to use it.
```

:::tip

Rancher Dashboard provides an easy-to-use form for creating the secret or configmap.

:::

Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
data:
  audit-policy: >-
    IyBMb2cgYWxsIHJlcXVlc3RzIGF0IHRoZSBNZXRhZGF0YSBsZXZlbC4KYXBpVmVyc2lvbjogYXVkaXQuazhzLmlvL3YxCmtpbmQ6IFBvbGljeQpydWxlczoKLSBsZXZlbDogTWV0YWRhdGE=
kind: Secret
metadata:
  annotations:

>     rke.cattle.io/object-authorized-for-clusters: cluster1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    rke.cattle.io/object-authorized-for-clusters: <cluster-name1>,<cluster-name2>
```

Would it make sense to have this example match the one mentioned on line 132 for consistency? E.g. name format, multiple clusters

>   name: name1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  name: <name1>
```

            rke.cattle.io/control-plane-role: 'true'
```

:::tip

> Alternatively, you can use the directive `machineSelectorConfig` with proper machineLabelSelectors to achieve the same effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the directive `machineSelectorConfig` with proper machineLabelSelectors to achieve the same effect.
```

:::

> For more information about cluster configuration, refer to the K3s cluster configuration reference pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about cluster configuration, refer to the [K3s cluster configuration reference](../../reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/k3s-cluster-configuration.md) pages.
```
